[PXCT-1912] UNO Q - update user manual with monitor example (#2940)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/02.uno/boards/uno-q/tutorials/01.user-manual/content.md

1. Create a new App in the Arduino App Lab.
![Create a new app](assets/create-app.png)

> 2. Copy and paste the example below in the "sketch" part of your new App.

Reviewer: can you confirm that the need for library installation due to the library being installed as a core dependency?

Author: In fact, not needed anymore. Thanks!

![UNO Q RPC](assets/rpc.png)

> Install the **Arduino_RouterBridge** library by clicking on **Add Sketch Library** and searching for it.

Reviewer: unfortunately out of a full preview in docs, I get out of context, but would this be necessary since we have earlier made no mention to the need for it to be installed?

Author: Yes, I wasn't sure if the library was installed by default. So this is not needed anymore, thanks!

#### From Serial to Monitor

> Starting with **Arduino App Lab 0.7.0**, the UNO Q fully supports legacy `Serial` communication for debugging. You can now use `Serial.print()` and `Serial.println()` commands to display data, sensor readings, or any other messages directly in the _Arduino App Lab Console_, just as you would with other Arduino boards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with version 0.55.0 of the **Arduino UNO Q Board** platform, the UNO Q fully supports legacy `Serial` communication for debugging. You can now use `Serial.print()` and `Serial.println()` commands to display data, sensor readings, or any other messages directly in the _Arduino App Lab Console_, just as you would with other Arduino boards.
```

The change was implemented in the platform, completely independent from the Arduino App Lab application:

https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCore-zephyr/pull/370

After updating the platform to 0.55.0, you can use `Serial` as an alias for `Monitor`, even if you are using an old version of Arduino App Lab.

Beyond the previous wording simply being inaccurate, this distinction is important because UNO Q may be used with alternative development tools such as Arduino IDE.

```cpp
void setup() {
  // Initialize the Monitor
  Serial.begin(9600);
}

void loop() {
  // Transmit the string "Hello UNO Q" followed by a newline character
  Serial.println("Hello UNO Q");
  delay(1000);
}
```

> Because of the UNO Q's architecture, earlier versions of Arduino App Lab required a specific `Monitor` object to print to the console instead of `Serial`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of the UNO Q's architecture, earlier versions of the **Arduino UNO Q Board** platform required a specific `Monitor` object to print to the console instead of `Serial`.
```

#### From Serial to Monitor

> Starting with **Arduino App Lab 0.7.0**, the UNO Q fully supports standard `Serial` communication for debugging. You can now use standard `Serial.print()` and `Serial.println()` commands to display data, sensor readings, or any other messages directly in the _Arduino App Lab Console_, just as you would with other Arduino boards.

Reviewer: I'd use "legacy" rather than "standard". "standard serial" reads as UART

1. Create a new App in the Arduino App Lab.
![Create a new app](assets/create-app.png)

> 2. Copy and paste the example below in the "sketch" part of your new App.

Reviewer: I'd specify `sketch\sketch.ino`
